Hey, what are you doing, boy?
It's really a soil that doesn't know anything
Don't watch the dog
That was my special purpose to save Mr. Xu
Under the square eight-pin array
How dare you pull it out for him?
Hey, I really want Mr. Xu's life
What did you do to my dad?
Okay, good talk, you just don't listen
It's okay now, you can directly prepare for the funeral
Ah dad
Ah, it's so comfortable.
Did I ask you?
So comfortable
Oops, I'm up again.
Do you know
The way you were motionless just now
It scared me and my uncle to death
Grandpa, is there anything wrong with you?
By the way, grandpa, it was Xiaofan who saved you.
He is Xiaofan
Thank you little brother
I owe you my life
Congratulations to the new father
Ji Ren is easy under his own circumstances